Add instructions about adding package to pipelines.lsst.io (#491)
lsst-dm/dm_dev_guide: stack/adding-a-new-package.rst

Table files should use ``setupRequired(package_name)`` or ``setupOptional(package_name)`` as necessary; test data packages are usually optional to allow releases to be made without requiring large additional data packages to be included.
Packages that use optional dependencies must be written to ensure that they can pass their unit tests when the package is not available.

> The new package may be added to the :file:`ups/pipelines_lsst_io.table` file in `lsst/pipelines_lsst_io`_ repository so that its documentation is built as HTML pages and made available at https://pipelines.lsst.io/v/daily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, if the package is part of the LSST Science Pipelines, you should include it in the Pipelines documentation, https://pipelines.lsst.io.
See :doc:`/stack/add-a-package-to-pipelines-lsst-io` for instructions.
```
